a simple concept the cards choose our
Pokémon every red card has a negative
effect assigned to it and every black
card has a positive effect assigned to
it the higher up you go in the rankings
and the numbers the more dire and
intense these effects become each round
will draw a cards and that will decide
how we choose our SATA Pokémon once we
have a full team of six we'll a best of
three battle Dylan Dylan Dylan ready
draw some cards Pat Pat Pat absolutely
baby you know me you've done roulette
with me and how you doing cards like
true we gamble so much I'm turning
around looking at your starters I don't
even care if you roll or pull a uh a
black king it doesn't matter these are
all dog water great okay so black cards
are positive effects red cards are
negative effects so I waste no time here
we go the first see what you got pat
first up oh oh my God this guy I swear
to God oh yes a black queen means that I
can choose my Pokémon you just have to
tell me and I choose it and this Pokemon
can have two illegal moves give it
whatever you want you have an ndd you
have a Barb and you have a snow runt oh
no it's fine no I love them they're
awesome I will take the abom snow with
two illegal moves please that's not a
it's not snow wait you said snow run you
said snow run my bad I will take the
frost lass with two illegal Mose please
oh okay I like that I like that kind of
sometimes I forget Frost L exist even
though it's the better form it's so good
it's genuinely so good so once you draw
your card you put it to the bottom of
your deck deck and uh Dylan I'm going to
turn around now and see what you got you
turn around you want to see what you got
see oh oh you need to know you need to
have some information here Dylan you
need to P you need to pull something
good how high do I have to pull just
like decently well just pull decently
well that's all but I have to get a a
black card you know red card is just bad
no matter what so let's go ahead and see
oh Black Card okay black seven black
seven lucky number seven we'll take that
lucky number seven okay with a black
seven um you can choose your Pokémon you
may choose its ability but
it must begin with the same letter as
your Pokémon's name I can cook okay what
are my Pokémon so your Pokémon are
Bulbasaur wug Trio and Metagross Moxy
Metagross no don't okay okay yeah sure
you could do that that that sounds kind
of dummy uh so if I choose Bulbasaur do
I go with the b or the V you'd go with
well you're choosing Bulbasaur so it' be
a Venusaur but it would be a b ability
yeah you know what uh you just got an
ice type I'll go with Metagross honestly
uh I can't really think of anything
besides Moxy that's like an M but
there's got to be a lot dude I wish I
prepare for this I would I would pull a
card the next round be like oh it says
subscribe let's go ahead and see your
first one went pretty dog water but this
one I have a good feeling Pat how about
it huh God yeah yeah yeah okay yeah
let's just say let's just say let's hope
you get a a nice little black card for
you if you get a red one I'm sorry my
next poll
is ooh a red ooh that's that's not I'm
so glad you didn't get the queen in this
one that's not great a red eight is I
only learned the first letter of each
Pokémon's name and I can only use moves
that begin with the same letter but I
can use an illegal move one illegal move
okay all right well this is going to be
a little hard because two of them start
the same letter and then so it's going
to be interesting you have r r and C
dude you there's two o's there I I one
of them has to be raging bolt why why
randomly raging Bolt there's not that
many of Pokémon there's a lot of are you
kidding me Ray there's r on a ripia and
that's it oh it's Rayquaza I feel like
there's not many R moves but C I can
think of a lot yeah there's a few for C
I think that c is safer so I'm going to
go with the c what's the C it's um it's
a claw litzer or clauncher so it'll be a
claw litzer uh your RS were both really
good but your I still don't know what
moves you would have given them you had
ROM and Reggie gigas oh oh no okay all
right but let's have a look at Dylan's
second round we got ourselves ooh we
have a nice selection again I think you
need to pull well you want some
information on this you need to pull
well all right all right well we're
going to we're going to pull great right
here okay we're going to pull a black
Ace come on R red red R red oh that's
good awesome oh wow I swear to God it
was sh I'm sorry twins twins oh yeah we
twin it what's all that about what the
heck okay so um use your Pokemon the
next time your Pokemon draws a card you
can flip any black card below 10 to Red
so if you pull a black nine I can say
nope you're getting a a red nine yep and
you can choose your Pokémon so you have
the option between Gyarados regular
Persian and huan zerok I I I I love
Gyarados I feel like he's probably the
better pick because of you know he's got
Dragon Dance at least but I never get to
use really huian Zoro that often so I'm
going to pick him team is really good
right now buddy it's looking good it's
looking good looking really good and on
my next draw if it's a black and it's
below 10 if it's just a red you just
suck anyway uh this is a big round for
me actually so go ahead check out what
we got this is a big round can you get a
black T or higher that's the big thing
here all right let's see you're Pokemon
I think you're going to want a black
tner higher cuzz there is a good Pokemon
in my opinion on the screen actually I
think all of these can definitely be
used just one's probably better than the
rest all right solid you know what I'll
go for it so once again if I get a black
lower than 10 then Dylan can flip it to
a red reverse can reverse Bab so I need
a black 10 or a Jack or a joker or king
or Ace or queen there's so many there's
so many you could be there is so many
like you're going to get it right here
buddy and thankfully it only works on
this draw as well so here we go come
on
it's they no oh no yeah that's rough I'm
going to we're going to make that little
B bad boy red so you learn the wait
though they're all fast
brother do you want it in pounds or kg
you British you know what give it to me
in kg I want to hear it come out your
lips I want to hear kilograms come out
your lips your Pokémon on the left is
110 kg it's about Pat size cuz he's got
all that muscle your next Pokémon really
that's a lot heavier than I thought is
wow uh 40 kg oh okay I mean that makes
me think that it's a small F like a a
very small thing it is a small thing but
small doesn't necessarily mean bad that
uh your last Pokémon is 10 kg or 10.8 kg
okay 10.8 kg 110 kg I don't want to go
for the middle one cuz I feel like it's
small and not very good so I'm going to
go for the big boy I'm going to go for
110 kg all right well in my opinion I
think you got the best Pokémon uh the
little lad was a minor the other one was
Hound hour but you got at least a bulky
Pokemon you got a uh palan Tauros water
one we can work with this I can work
with this okay Dylan you're round three
um I'm just looking at grass Dylan your
actual round three is not grass it's you
know what kind of sucks yeah I'm going
to be honest all right well let's see
anything can be good when I pull a black
king oh black black five black five okay
that's solid that's low though that
can't be that good a black five is you
can choose your Pokemon and remove one
negative effect from your team but
you've been drawing so well I don't have
a negative effect do do you want to
remove a negative effect from from my
team I'll think about it okay you have
have a it's funny you get this again you
have an alolan Meowth you had a Persian
before now you in alolan Meowth okay you
have a toad schol oh baby I love toad
scroll
andin yeah give me toad scroll get that
snake out of here all right all right
all right we learned recently without
without uh huge power arbot can't do
nothing okay so I am turning around here
you're going to get a legendary are you
ready yes please please give me
something good I believe in you Pat it's
a not a legendary but dear God I hope
you get a black card cuz there's one
terrible mod and two two starters I
believe there's something good in here I
really do okay drawing my Cod and oh oh
Dylan it's over for you it's the red
eyes black
dragon yeah that's red though it's bad
uh actually it's a a red Joko which is
the worst possible thing that could
happen to me what the heck man these
Jokers are fun so with a red Joker I'm
going to draw three cards and I have to
take the highest red number or the
lowest black if there are no Reds surely
there's not many left okay the first one
is a okay a red four so I'm definitely
getting a red something the second one
unfortunate doesn't matter it hopefully
you just get black C so it's only a red
four it's not that bad it's there you go
all right it's it's going to be a red
four so I take yeah I take the Reds and
a red four means yeah I learn just the
types of the Pokémon and the IVs are
going to be set to 220 so he's going to
have lowered stats and be worse in
battle honestly you're going to go you
know Pokémon so you're going to know
these Pokemon immediately when I reveal
the typings I just realized they're both
starters from the same game yeah you'll
know I promise you'll know okay sure
okay you have water dark you have bug
and fire ghost like come on like what
are you going to you're going to be
confused about fire ghost wait fire
ghost and what a duck oh oh oh oh oh oh
it's freaking Legend aies that's what
they're from there you go I I'm trying
man come on okay God you scared me all
right um so do I want samurai or do I
want H tyion um you know what I looking
into your team I really like aan tyion
into your team I really like that yeah
honestly okay so I have to run huian
tyion with 20 IVs unfortunately okay
your round four let's have a look at see
what we got here ooh okay you know what
this is kind of a fun round I think no
matter what it's it's a little bit
interesting it's a little bit
interesting the question is will this
red card finally appear I even chose the
red deck without knowing that this was I
have literally cuz it came with two and
stuff oh okay so you have two ironically
had the worst one so come come on come
on come on come on dude dude freak way
that's a queen I thought it was a jack
what do I get wait you did this didn't
you you can choose your Pokemon it can
have two illegal moves on a black queen
dude all right well What Pokemon do I
got okay you got a toric A what's this
thing called mosti the the final
evolution the dying dog um and a Garian
slow bro it's Torchic just say toric
yeah toric it's toric yeah I thought
blaz a can baby why I lose speed boost
yeah you you lose speed boost that's
right Pat I'm trying brother can you
please get a legendary right here I'm
trying my I'm trying my best you got
this buddy just go ahead and have a look
oh oh wait wait wait actually actually
dude please get a black card please so
you can at least choose at least two h b
just come on bring it here come I'm try
I'm I'm going to bring it home I'm going
to bring it home we're going to bring
home I want this for you buddy I want
this for you here Comes Here Comes Here
Comes bam it's a red nine brother that's
crazy crazy what does that even do no
information IV set to 15 listen because
I love you I want to give you a hint you
do cuz you've been you've been down bad
I've struggling I'm going tell you the
first letters okay all right okay sure
you know what you're going against the
going against the H the cards but that's
what you want to do you want to do hot
of the cause you know we break the rules
here on P Channel you have B you have y
and you have F you've been missing all
day this is your time to hit okay I'll
I'll take the f good job you got
freaking backs you got back SC in the
future okay so your next uh set here is
oh interesting okay it's nothing like
particularly super amazing but you have
a lot of options like there there's a
lot of split there's a lot of split
Evolutions in this one that you could go
with and just for your sake I'm going to
ask you do you want me to draw this next
card or do you want me to shuffle it
again on screen and draw a card all
right you know what hit that shuffle
okay before I shuffle let's see what I
would have had
okay oh dude a black
T you made the right call I am
shuffling this is so
fun all right okay and he actually
gets oh finally get red he finally gets
a red oh my goodness okay all right good
to be a pat fan good day to be a huge
day for a pat fan with a red five you
you just that's so funny when I when I
wrote it out I didn't actually finish
the sentence do you know what it was
supposed to be I think it was supposed
to be height because the next one was
weight so I'm pretty sure this one was
supposed to be height and your Pokemon
cannot use an itm that's so fun it's
fine cuz I'm going to get a flying type
with acrobatics hey maybe all right so
from left to right your Heights are
would you like this in in feet on meters
give me feet from left to right your
height is 1T exactly okay we have uh 2'
4 in okay okay and really 2 11 in give
me give me the middle one okay so you
have options here this is a Tyrogue so
you can choose him only him on channel
him on top so I lose him B oh no it
doesn't matter cuz it randomize
abilities okay I'm all right with this
I'm okay with this all right oh oh this
is the last round goodness me already
you know what's funny is neither of us
have had a legendary it's fine though
because I'm booted in this your last
round Pat this is your time to shine
this card is going to be big for me oh
oh okay no legendaries but but honestly
all viable Pokémon all right Goods heart
of the cards I
summon the Red Queen are you joking Pat
oh my heart oh they have to have druin
or slow star you have a chance some of
these are special attackers actually two
of them are special attackers so if you
have a slow start it only affects
physical attack right yeah and their
speed but they're both kind of slow so
it doesn't really matter you just got to
guess it right you have a 66% chance no
man I okay 66% chance I always miss
these odds but not this time Dylan not
this time I'll
take I'll take the one in the middle
okay you did it you're good you're good
actually the best one in my opinion
because you had scray on the left so
physical attacker so good get him right
was Lapras really good M the middle is
slow as can be already so you're not
really missing anything you got uh
Garian sling oh okay you know what I
kind of like that I I think we can make
something work with this your last
selection is oh wow okay um they're all
the same type which is really funny okay
hopefully a type that I need I don't
know maybe we'll see go ahead and draw
your last pathetic card so I can end
this all right well I got a red so
that's on the board let's see this is
time time going to be one more red one
more red one more red oh it's it's a red
three so nothing terrible nothing
terrible okay so on a red three you
learn just the types I already told you
okay but my IVs do get set to 25 at 31
so they do get a little nerfed okay so
your types are water water water poison
okay that doesn't help me literally at
all water poison all I can think of is
tentac Cru no okay so I'm going to just
go I'm going to go down the middle with
the water type hope it's like a starter
or something okay you got the best of
the bunch I think you got well I mean to
be fair gastron is pretty good cuz
there's a Shellos on the left there's a
toxapex on the right and the middle was
a mtic it's pretty good oh okay I'll
take it my little TI all right so uh we
have our teams we've drawn our cards
and now it's time to uh build a team for
a batt or best of three batt actually do
a little dance make a little love all
right so I umed an odd over this team
for a while and I think I found
something that might hopefully fingers
cross be able to work we have a focus
sash Frost last and the two illegal
moves that I gave it was Spore and toxic
spikes it also has Destiny Bond and
spikes you can kind of see where I'm
going with this it also has Arena trap
as one of my randomly chosen abilities
which is good on any Pokémon except for
the zorok that's where it becomes an
issue
but I can force a Pokémon to kill me
potentially and I can get up a lot of
Hazards on the other Pokemon so this
could work potentially really really
well next up we have me millionth dollar
which is completely I'm going to be
honest not very good it's a cloer it has
chilling water crab hammer and my
illegal move was chatter it can only use
SE moves and it's not that great it has
synchronized I hope maybe it could do
something then we have 30 the Taurus
with an iron ball I just went bulky with
this we have um a pretty usual
run-of-the-mill kind of move set here
and it does also have tablets of Ruin so
it can at least be a little tiny bit
bulkier with that as well next up we
have toasty now this thing's going to do
a lot damage it's terier with the choice
scarf it's got eruption flamethrower
Shadow Ball the usual but it also has
Grim nay so I could potentially start a
snowball type of thing where I knock
something out get a boost I have my
terraf fire I have choice scarf I have
option and it's just it just compounds
just a ton then we have big back who is
a Terra grounded back skele with the
booster energy because I have Quark
Drive I also have Dragon Dance
earthquake and glaive rush and icicle
spear just to generally kill Dylan's
team and last but of course not least we
have Dennis who is holding the leftovers
with Foul Play cyop sludge bomb and
thunder W it is slow start and it is
essentially here to paralyze things and
make things generally harder for Dylan
to maneuver around the match so
hopefully this will work really well but
something you don't have to hope will
work well and you know will work well is
game of Subs baby that's right you get a
shap shake a cup of game of Subs it's
really cool you can get like anime
waifus on it you can get delicious
flavors you can even get gamea gamer
Subs you should check it out links in
the description Metagross is probably
going to be the MVP of our Squad I mean
obviously it's already a pseudo
legendary but giving it any ability with
the letter M is fantastic and I love
that Pat's going to have to try and
figure out what I gave it I feel like
he's going to expect Moxy but I went
with magic bounce in case of any status
moves or any hazards and then his move
sets pretty simple he's just going to do
a lot of damage huan Zork is fast and it
hits hard physically or specially we
went special with Choice PS and he got
the ability stake out in the randomizer
which is fantastic because if I can make
Pat switch out I'm going to hurt his
team with anything I throw at them toad
scroll is our fast bormon plus he can de
a decent amount of damage with earth
power and Giga drain and he got the
ability Delta stream I I just think it's
funny cuz he does cuz he has a glaring
ice sweetness but it's not going to do
anything but he's here to have a good
time and put people to sleep so Blazin
up there with Metagross another team
captain you got the Terra dark type he's
got the choice scarf and he got sacred
fire and wicked blow for his two illegal
moves I mean Wicked blow dark type just
kind of rails Pat's team right now so I
honestly just plan to do that and save
my Tera fuffy he got the ability guard
dog which I didn't even know if you get
intimidated it actually boosts your
attack so if Pat has intimidate that's
going to be fantastic plus he can't make
a switch out we got Sanji the hitmon Lee
with no item he got the ability anger
Point um but also we have sord dance we
got knockoff which is fantastic also
Terra dark a rapid spin in case of any
hazards and obviously a good fighting
move lastly we got Milotic our pivot
Pokemon that's bulky with the rocky
helmet it doesn't have the best IVs
because of the red card that we pull but
still really good we have Haze to remove
any kind of stat changes we got dragon
tail to make him switch out skull for
potential Burns and recover as well if
he's got some physical attackers
hopefully we can take those hits deal
Rocky helmet damage and then hit recover
the battle begins oh interesting stop
yes I okay I led well such a bad lead or
is it what don't no I hate this don't
you dare don't you dare no no I don't
like this I don't like this at all don't
laugh don't laugh don't laugh don't
laugh dude if you there's no way dude
there's no way you're tearing turn one I
am not messing about I need as much
power as possible to win
okay okay and you went fire interesting
all right dude please please tell me you
don't have Flashfire please no oh you
tear it as well remember this Pokemon
has an M
ability M
ability what
M has nothing to do with that you just
yeah
oh okay this is not as good as was up oh
that did half man and going hit ow oh
the crit to crit and you were scarfed I
knew you going to be scarfed or spec
that's why I went for the Terra turn one
all right let's do it let's do it let's
do it I have to get this boy out here he
has to get out here you're saving him
you have to I know you're going to go
for the bullet punch here so I'm I'm
trying to resist this as much as I can
okay that was smart smart smart tablets
of Ruin tablets of Ruin but this this
shouldn't do much all right cool nice
solid okay okay I wonder if that would
have killed but I get free lefties there
which is not too bad psychic Ms we tank
we tank oh that okay tablets R coming in
handy here does the CC
kill it does not and I still outp speed
the next turn speed me I can't believe
that yeah psychic fans canot miss all
right toos is gone already tyan honestly
rendered useless Metagross is doing what
he needs to do buddy get Metagross is
slaying right now so what's that special
ability of yours that you have I think
you're faster than like all the Pokémon
I have I think I have to make the
decision that we'll do the least damage
my team overall which is me million yeah
mean million
dollar I can't use my illegal move cuz
it's not in the game what what what move
is it it's chatter I thought that was in
the game oh okay okay you're preserving
it that makes sense let Mak sense yeah
you can I mean you have two ice types
left bullet punch is still going to do a
lot of damage yeah all right you know
what at least I get my chilling water
off which does oh oh oh I'm sorry why
did that do so much damage that's like a
shocking amount okay yeah okay we got
you down to there that's nice I mean
yeah hit on Lee he's got good special
defense so it did do a lot more okay
yeah I'm I'm actually so impressed that
it manag do that much damage him only
goes down nice this guy is pretty slow
now I have a clean switch in this should
be free wait till you see this it's
malatic right oh no it's not t stream
what
all right sure sure sure I mean I have
to I have to I'm yeah I'm dead I'm just
dead all right go good job buddy okay
yeah that's fine that makes sense that
makes sense all right okay I think I
have an idea what I want to do here Yuki
go on to Yuki okay as I figured this is
what you would go to and I know I know
exactly what you're going to do and it's
fine you can just go ahead and do it
it's fine I'll get my toxic spikes up
you can just do your thing interesting
okay so yeah I am obviously getting that
Spore off yeah you're going to go for
the Spore call that's fine I get it but
you know sleep claws you can't use it
anymore so that's good yep yep yep the
question is do you switch here I'm
saying no way you stay in yeah I'm
staying in let's see what happens oh
unfortunate for you uh won't be
happening unfortunately for you it's
it's just not so crazy bro come on now
we're in a situation we're in actually a
really funny situation here uh where I
can continue to stack these up and and
you you're a little stuck right now
aren't you little stuck bed stuck yeah
cuz you can't you kind of have to kill
me oh okay which I can apparently do
pretty pretty convincingly didn't
realize that would do so much damage
okay uh but I can Destiny Bond so
bye-bye to SC byebye so long toad scroll
oh I'm so mad at and click
Spore there it goes bye-bye you got to
Dennis the men Denis okay this good for
me good good good good zorok I thought
you going go to zorok did think that was
going toen perfect because this guy
doesn't have a lot of weaknesses so I
was like if he goes into him this is
fantastic yeah okay uh I do do have slow
start uh I'm struggling to get it going
unfortunately so you go for Shadow Ball
I can at least tank one I have pretty
good special defense nope never mind
damn that sucks okay right big back and
big backs has a nice little quk drive
here oh it's going to get attack up yep
yep I I I realized what the problem is
actually that that Metagross is uh still
alive yep that bullet punch is going to
be fantastic that bullet punch is going
to do a lot of damage to me
actually but you could switch out
Luffy I could never kill the king of the
Pirates I'm not I'm not a ghost anymore
oh no yep you're not ghost so that made
it a a pretty easy choice on what to do
here yeah I get it are you scoffed
you're scoffed aren't you no I'm just
faster what not natural you're
not you Pokemon stats I'm faster but no
you're not it's 87 versus 90 speed it's
you don't have 90 speed you have 80 you
son of a [ __ ] I'm writing that down
you're scarf I'm writing that down and
now I uh unfortunately I don't have my
ghost type anymore which does come back
to made kind of free to click uh cc into
a scarfer and that's going to be battle
one dude you going be of crits I know
that one didn't matter you a lot of
crits here okay okay okay round two this
is going to be a better time for you Pat
I I I believe that it will be all right
this this thing immediately off the bat
is that's a tough one to to just throw
out there oh running OE okay yeah I'm a
little afraid of that guy okay all right
all right all right you know that's
that's a solid option um but I do have
Spore as my second illegal move what no
no Dylan no what is what have you done
what have you done hi Pat this is nice
doing a battle with you today I'm really
happy to be here how is this
possible okay okay what are you going
out to probably the oh
milon but now you're not going to have
specs ah I don't have those specs and
he's he's so this thing is just so what
do you do here oh you out speed wow I
don't crit I didn't out speed actually
guaranteed attack drop as well so all
right I still died
I still die what a dog water on you go
on to toy okay now are are you going to
do it again do you do you do the same
thing again are you are you going to do
it again cuz I'll do it again I'll do it
again I'll do it again I hope that
doesn't say Zoro Sanji okay for a G move
I no I actually went for the mil I went
for a focus blast there oh I might I I
take it wow W you actually took that
decently well too yeah but you killed
next turn well you're scarf so you can
miss um so why don't I just like scaler
actually I'm going to I'm going to get
on out of here although I do imagine you
have like you have like rock slide or
something like that so you're probably
going to hit me this is beautiful okay
it's a knockoff all right that's that's
fair that's fair that's fair
M what there's so many CRS there's so
many crit there's your sash I do have a
guaranteed turn of sleep which is like
super unfortunate so I'm going have to
make the the funniest play of my life
you trying to make that thing be able to
still at least get a destiny Bond off
I'm trying to I'm try guy I'm trying to
get rid of my item if I'm completely
honest thank you by the way what what's
your oh that's a good play that's a good
play i i rate that yippe I did something
the question is did you prep for that
when you were building your mods like
did you give him speed you're like you
know what no oh I I am I'll take that
I'll take I me I I'll take that as well
I do H expecting to die I want to try
and be fast I want to try my best to be
fast I respect it you know we all want
to be fast Nico Robin
um I don't think I'm fast enough
actually I am I am okay close combat oh
oh dude oh dude that's insane that's
ridiculous I actually hope I kill I hope
that you don't okay I do I thought if
you out fit I was like okay I didn't
think it would do that much damage so
interesting we have we have a little bit
of a game going on right now we have a
little bit of a video game we do have a
bit of a video game just stab eruption
off the Jump and now I get to reveal
something else that I had which is
pretty fun
too which is I do I do have Grim
nay there it is there it is I do have
Grim nay so we're we're moving if I had
uh unaware no there's no no Dylan there
you don't you don't have unaware mytic
no I don't know is it m games pad or do
I actually have underwear even if I
don't have underwear are you doing
anything to a my low TI ah yes yes I
know I'm I'm straight up option in I I
got plus one I'm feeling good that did
nothing F I'm built physically defensive
not even specially jeez that that did
not do a lot of damage now you're
scarfed into eruption so you let this
thing go down or do you try to preserve
it the scarf I think I should preserve
I'm not going to lie I feel like I
should I thought you would do that I
thought you would do that okay you
thought I would see you recovered I did
recover that's so you did you recover
okay okay that makes sense yeah I got it
I got it I got it I'm going to Destiny
one that's fine I'm
[Laughter]
asleep all that was my guaranteed T of
sleep oh dragon tail all right
interesting in case you switched mhm all
right you know interesting plays well
maybe we can have maybe we can have fun
here what are we going to do I got dead
I kind of forgot you have this guy I'm
not going to lie Dennis it's you know
it's Dennis time oh oh you're full
health forgot you're full health am I
going to get anyway okay get a little
dog please come on man I I'm so far
behind just give me a little juice
please that's not very nice I'll tell
you so you don't feel too bad it's cuz
of my ability wait what I have Wonder
skin more likely to dodge status move oh
really why how much more likely is it I
have no idea I never thought this would
come in handy okay I guess we're going
to find out wow really likely I think
it's maybe like
50% it's really likely
apparently well you know I I like
rolling dice I I'm just I'm getting
these buns okay so we are in a little
stall Fest here okay okay yeah we are um
we're just going to keep going back and
forth on this for a little bit I think
you know what you know what I'm not even
going to do that anymore I'm just going
to sludge bomb instead there you go I'm
going to poison didn't I'm going to get
you out of here yeah it's a dragon tail
okay as long as it's not the
tyion nice
we going back in the same thing same
thing that's fine cuz I'm going to get
my burn here you think so it's about
time 30% chance I've hit you with a few
of them it's it's about that time no I I
yeah it's I'm shocked you haven't gotten
a burn yet that's ridiculous that's
crazy all right I will get that burn I
will get that burn wants it oh there it
is there it is okay now my leftovers are
essentially nullified but I'm going to
get the poison now this time as
well no no poison for you we a bit of
stall War here Dylan we are in a bit of
stall War cuz you probably click slack
off this term I click recover I didn't
click slack off I just went for a sludge
bomb cuz I really feel like I'm going to
get the poison this time Dylan maybe
just maybe I mean what 20% chance there
it is I was looking for you where you've
been this entire time
oh run away I see run away indeed ah
we're back into this situation all right
you know what that's now you know I one
shot you last time well was the crit the
point you know I'm also spe
I'm dead man there's no way yep crit did
not it was a it was another yo zoro's
just a goat it's just meant to be zoro's
the goat I don't
even now this guy does come in you get
the cork drive you know I outspeed and
you know I do a decent amount of damage
so you can't really de Dan here because
then I just come in and hit bullet punch
and you know but you also can Terra here
what terization do I have so it must not
be that great cuz I I who who knows it
could be the greatest thing that you've
ever seen it could be it really could be
all right well I really I really need to
not die to a bullet punch because Lord
knows I don't resist it but at least at
least I have Rush doesn't it do more
damage the next turn it does which is
why I didn't GLA
Rush it's why we have ter earthquake
instead now K very valid indeed this
should kill this should kill it will
kill zoro's a glass Cannon very very
squishy so I just need to live a bullet
punch Nami Nami Nami what are you doing
here Nami Nami do you get bullet do you
get poison damage you don't get poison
damage okay come on please kill please
kill come on come on come on come on you
take this back come on big backs come on
big backs yes yes yes yes oh my God oh
my God oh my God oh my God oh my God
come on please please please please
please this is this is intense I i' I'm
shaking I got to just hope it kills
which I don't think it does I'm like 90%
sure it doesn't I I I think it might
okay come on please please please big Bo
big Bo big Bo jsh the full health points
the full health points it does not go
kill oh my God it might have been a roll
though that's incredible that's actually
insane it's looking like we're going to
that final match I definitely don't
think this guy takes a hit are you
scarfed I'm scarfed but you get Plus 1.5
I get 1.5 you outp spe unless you're not
Jolly so here's the pot War I
say wait what are
you nothing crazy what are
you doc interesting why doc you outs
speed me are you not Jolly are you
adamant I'm adamant I'm not Jolly no Pat
you won
there I'm Jolly scarfed so I have one
Pokémon left and it's scoffed but I have
to land a focus Blast away can you land
a focus blast can you do it pat come on
can you do it this is where con is made
tosy Toy you need to do this you need to
do this Me 3 2 1 land this Focus blast
what the [ __ ] how did that happen wait
wait wait wait what the hell what do you
mean out spey what do you mean what that
doesn't even make sense that make sense
I oh oh I'm modest all right okay that
makes
sense GG's